## 📝 **Team Meeting Notes**

### 📅 **Meeting Date**: Date: 4/11/2024

### 🕒 **Time**: 4:00 - 5:00

### 📍 **Location**: Discord (virtual)

### 📣 **Attendees**:

- Emily Lotter
- David Ogunronbi
- Miled Kalbourji


---

### 🎯 **Meeting Objectives**:

1. 


---

### **To-Dos**:

1. 

### 🗒️ **Notes**:

- Miled was able to get the code converted to dash for the most part, we still need to work on getting the pages to work (having login separate from the main system)
- Mo is concerned about getting dash set up, Miled is showing what he has so far.  The only thing that is really missing from what we had before is the toggle shift functionality and some of the student name display functionality.
- It is probably better to have the login elements as a seperate page, but we definitely need to focus on some functionality.
- David was able to get the front end server running, and we are all going to work to get things connected in the next few days.  
- Mo is going to look up how to send text notifications through the web app
- 

---
